Name: Sukhpreet kaur 
Branch: B.Tech Cse
# Day-1  
Our day was started at 8:30 am at Gurdwara Sahib with Japji Sahib, Chaupai Sahib, Kirtan, Ardaas and Kadhah Parshad. At 10:30 Am Refreshments were served at hostel no.2.
We reached the auditorium at 11:00 am and were welcomed with a welcome kit before entering in the auditorium. Welcome Speech was given by our senior Taranpreet Kaur, She Informed us that we are celebrating the 70th Year of Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College in the field of education.
After That Harsimran Singh Jaggi address us about the Infrastructure, Accreditation, Research avenues and active students clubs of the college, facilities etc.
Inspirational Speech was given by ex students like Mr. Sangam Arora And Arshdeep Singh. Mr Sangam Arora is topper of 2021-2025 batch and is currently working as software engineer at Arguesoft. Arshdeep Singh student of It Department of Batch 2021-2025 who is now serving as Automation engineer in Gurgon.
Then Harpreet Kaur Grewal Mam Hod of applied science department gave us informational and motivational speech. Then Principal Dr.Sehijpal Singh sir motivated us with thier speech. Then Er. Rakesh Kumar who is also the student of our college of year 1991 batch talked with us about their experirence in college. tehn the chief guest of the day Sh.Rajivder Garg Municipal Corporation,Ludhiana address us with their warm words.
After that there was a break of 30 min. Then we reached the auditorium again at 2:00 pm we there by were taken to our departement there were teachers waiting for us in the class room there she told us about our course details, our mst, mark system etc then we visted the hole department with them and she introduced us about all the labs and library.
It was all very fun and intersting day for me because it was a new and different beginning for me a part from school life. The enviornment of the college was very nice and good.
# Day-2
Our Day was started at 9.30 am at Room no. F-113 with English Proficiency Test. It was a easy test but the passage was a little confusing. After the test there was a break of 30 min. Then at 11:00 am Math Proficiency Test was given. It was a little difficult compare to english test.These tests were conducted by our seniors.
After the test there was a break of 1 hour from 12:00 to 1:00 pm. Then we reached the auditorium where first we were given a helpful guidance fot scholorship then Dr.Arashdeep Singh give us a expert lecture on the Topic " Food : A Pivotal Role in a Student's Overall Wellness", He shared with us the value of food in a students life and how we can maintain our health through proper nutrition and made us aware of the available food. 
After this there was an interactive session conducted by the Causmic Club, they introduce us about the Github app and Markdown viewer which sparks excitement and involvement among the students. At last Harpreet Mam motivated us.
Following the hole session was a escorted and intersting day.
# Day-3
Our Day was started at 9 am at auditorium where the first expert lecture was given  by Dr. Jaswinder Singh sir (Incharge-IAPT). He very Interstingly explained each and every topic in fun way.He explained about the word Ik-Onkar. After that he explained longitudnal wave and transverse wave very easily. He also explained about the number 108 and 9. He helped us to learn each number of bones in our body very easily. At Last he exlained about the true meaning of the  word "Bhagwan". I would say that it was the most fun and intersting lecture I ever had.  
The Next lecture was about " Universal Human Values" by Dr. Priya Darshni Mam. She started the lecture with the introduction of 2-3 students.Then we talked about the true meaning of life, happiness, efforts,aspiration. After that she explained the steps to fulfil Basic Aspiration. Lastly she expalined how right understanding, realtionship, physical facilitity and other things should be well balanced.
Today's sessions were inspiring and fun.
